It's rare
It's rare for the two of us to be quiet here for a while
Yes, now I have to take care of that little ancestor every day
The emperor also has to manage the affairs of a country
Of course there's no time
But...
I sent that little ancestor to a private school today
Otherwise, how would we have time to talk here?
Then it's up to the queen to see if we want to have another one
It hurts. What's wrong?
I didn't use any force. How could it hurt so much?
Maybe it's the sequelae of the previous knife
Ah you lied to me
It obviously didn't get stabbed last time.
Hey, why does my head hurt a little?
Why does your head hurt?
Maybe it was caused by poisoning last time.
After all, the poison of southern Xinjiang
Who knows what the consequences are
You lied to me again.
You didn't take that poison at all
OK.
You two actually tricked this prince into going to school
Don't panic, think about how old I am.
Now you want me to help you review the memorial
You're not doing your job and you're wasting your time here
the country is the most important
How can children love each other?
I'm all here to pave the way for you in the future
You are not allowed to be lazy!
I can see that you are lazy.
Yes, yes, the prince is right
It's all the emperor's fault
Brother, what will you say after you and your parents?
Just talk to them for a while
Sister, do you want to pick flowers?
Brother, why are you still standing there with you?
Take us to pick flowers
Flowers of the Imperial Garden
It's almost finished by the two of you
Here we go.